Documentation/templates/strings/objc.md, before:

## Template Information

| Name      | Description       |
| --------- | ----------------- |
| File names | strings/objc-string-h.stencil & strings/objc-string-m.stencil |
| Configuration example | <pre>strings:<br />  inputs: path/to/Localizable.strings<br />  outputs:<br />    - templateName: objc-h<br />      output: Localizable.h<br />    - templateName: objc-m<br />      output: Localizable.m</pre> |
| Language | Objective-C |
| Author | Eric Slosser |

## When to use it

- When you need to generate *Objective-C* code.  Perhaps because you have a pure Objective-C project and don't want to add a Swift file to it (thus triggering the inclusion of the Swift runtime into your build).  Or perhaps because you can't find a template that generates Swift that can be accessed from Objective-C.

## Customization

You can customize some elements of this template by overriding the following parameters when invoking `swiftgen`. See the [dedicated documentation](../../ConfigFile.md).

| Parameter Name | Default Value   | Description |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------- |
| `bundle` | `[NSBundle bundleForClass:BundleToken.class]` | Allows you to set from which bundle strings are loaded from. By default, it'll point to the same bundle as where the generated code is. Note: ignored if `lookupFunction` parameter is set. |
| `headerName` | "Localizable.h" | The name of the ObjC header generated by the `objc-string-h` template.  The generated `.m` file will `#include` "{{headerName}}".  This parameter should have the same value as the `output` file name used for the `template: objc-string-h` entry in your config file. |
| `noComments` | N/A | Setting this parameter will disable the comments describing the translation of a key. |

## Generated Code

**Extract:**

```swift
@interface Localizable : NSObject
/// alert__message --> "Some alert body there"
+ (NSString*)alertMessage;
/// alert__title --> "Title of the alert"
+ (NSString*)alertTitle;
/// ObjectOwnership --> "These are %3$@'s %1$d %2$@."
+ (NSString*)objectOwnershipWithValues:(NSInteger)p1 :(NSString*)p2 :(NSString*)p3;
/// percent --> "This is a %% character."
+ (NSString*)percent;
...
@end
```

[Full generated code](../../../Sources/TestUtils/Fixtures/Generated/Strings/objc-m/localizable.m)

## Usage example

```objc
// simple strings
NSString* message = Localizable.alertMessage
NSString* title = Localizable.alertTitle

// with parameters, note that each argument needs to be of the correct type
NSString*  apples = [Localizable.applesCountWithValue:3];
NSString*  bananas = [Localizable.bananasOwnerWithValues:5 :@"Olivier"];
```

Commit message:

add stringLocale parameter fixes a bug where plurals were not displayed correctly when using bundle or lookupFunction

Documentation/templates/strings/objc.md, after:

## Template Information

| Name      | Description       |
| --------- | ----------------- |
| File names | strings/objc-string-h.stencil & strings/objc-string-m.stencil |
| Configuration example | <pre>strings:<br />  inputs: path/to/Localizable.strings<br />  outputs:<br />    - templateName: objc-h<br />      output: Localizable.h<br />    - templateName: objc-m<br />      output: Localizable.m</pre> |
| Language | Objective-C |
| Author | Eric Slosser |

## When to use it

- When you need to generate *Objective-C* code.  Perhaps because you have a pure Objective-C project and don't want to add a Swift file to it (thus triggering the inclusion of the Swift runtime into your build).  Or perhaps because you can't find a template that generates Swift that can be accessed from Objective-C.

## Customization

You can customize some elements of this template by overriding the following parameters when invoking `swiftgen`. See the [dedicated documentation](../../ConfigFile.md).

| Parameter Name | Default Value   | Description |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------- |
| `bundle` | `[NSBundle bundleForClass:BundleToken.class]` | Allows you to set from which bundle strings are loaded from. By default, it'll point to the same bundle as where the generated code is. Note: ignored if `lookupFunction` parameter is set. |
| `stringLocale` | N/A | If you use bundle or lookupFunction to customize the string format, and the locale of the string format is different from the current locale of the system, using the plural in stringDict will always return the plural characters pointed to by other, you can use stringLocale to specify the same as string format locale. |
| `headerName` | "Localizable.h" | The name of the ObjC header generated by the `objc-string-h` template.  The generated `.m` file will `#include` "{{headerName}}".  This parameter should have the same value as the `output` file name used for the `template: objc-string-h` entry in your config file. |
| `noComments` | N/A | Setting this parameter will disable the comments describing the translation of a key. |

## Generated Code

**Extract:**

```swift
@interface Localizable : NSObject
/// alert__message --> "Some alert body there"
+ (NSString*)alertMessage;
/// alert__title --> "Title of the alert"
+ (NSString*)alertTitle;
/// ObjectOwnership --> "These are %3$@'s %1$d %2$@."
+ (NSString*)objectOwnershipWithValues:(NSInteger)p1 :(NSString*)p2 :(NSString*)p3;
/// percent --> "This is a %% character."
+ (NSString*)percent;
...
@end
```

[Full generated code](../../../Sources/TestUtils/Fixtures/Generated/Strings/objc-m/localizable.m)

## Usage example

```objc
// simple strings
NSString* message = Localizable.alertMessage
NSString* title = Localizable.alertTitle

// with parameters, note that each argument needs to be of the correct type
NSString*  apples = [Localizable.applesCountWithValue:3];
NSString*  bananas = [Localizable.bananasOwnerWithValues:5 :@"Olivier"];
```
